Israeli air strikes have killed at least
66 people across Gaza since Saturday
inan yunas an Israeli attack on a home
killed 10 Palestinians and in al- maasi
which the Israeli military has declared
a safe Zone at least five people were
killed in a strike on a tent Sheltering
displaced
people well many Palestinians say they
are fearful after Israeli authorities
ordered them to evacuate the alur camp
in der Al Bala the head of the UN Agency
for Palestinian refugees is warning 86%
of people in the Gaza Strip have been
told to leave the Palestinians said
they've been forced to flee several
times and that there's nowhere left to
go I swear I don't know where to go in
1948 they were displaced once but this
is the 10th time for us I swear to God I
don't know where to
go find a solution for us enough where
do we go they destroyed our homes
they've killed our children they placed
our women and our men where do we go
enough of this where do we
go let's bring in our correspondent
hanim mm he's joining us live from De
albala in central Gaza 86% of 2.3
million people hany that's nearly 2
million people currently under orders to
leave wherever they
are well there is literally nowhere to
go and there is no safety place across
the Gaza rer from further northern part
of the city of the stri in B hanon City
going through Gaza City to the central
area and far further southern part of
the strip everywhere has evolved across
the G strip into a killing box where
people either uh experiencing a daily
struggle of finding basic necessities or
enduring an intense bombing campaign and
between the first one and the second one
there is mass murder Mass killing of
civilians everywhere in evacuation
centers in in their residential homes as
they are ordered to evacuate their homes
they're being chased by Sky Predators
the surveillance drones the quadcopter
that keep shooting at them and
intimidating uh their Journey from uh
their homes that really traumatizing
Journey the fact that you're leaving
your homes and not knowing where to go
whether the road you're taking is safe
or not whether the house next to you is
going to be bombed as you walking by or
driving by all of this intimidation is
created by by uh the Israeli military
and causing a great deal of a trauma the
vast majority of people are now
concentrated in the central area and
when we speak of the humanitarian Zone
we're talking about only 14% of the
total Gaza stri area that is not under
direct Israeli evacuation orders but
they're definitely under Relentless
attacks these humanitarian zones
locations are have been repeatedly
targeted either by land or or by by air
or sea and we've seen within the past
few weeks how masasi evacuation Zone
relentlessly targeted leaving some 80
Palestinians killed majority women and
and the children were Sheltering inside
the tents that they they were Sheltering
uh inside seeking protection and just as
of yesterday a tent that was targeted in
the the in western part of kanun is very
close to Al maasi where close to eight
people were killed a whole family among
the casualties but this been going on
for for the past n nine months almost 10
months right now since the beginning of
this genocidal War the recent evacuation
orders are affecting people in Alor and
no refug Camp pushing the vast majority
of the residents into further internal
enforce displacement people pouring into
the city of darah and we definitely
seeing more people are coming to the
hospital already a small midsize
Hospital still already packed with
people who've been displaced for the
past months and more recently from Kan
un from other parts of the Gaza a St
including gra but now more people here
definitely making it very difficult for
uh the uh the kind of services provided
here if there are any of the services
but also much of the pressure is on the
medical facility that is already
struggling and already on a brink of
collapse and doesn't have the capacity
to provide any of the basic a
medical intervention to save life this
place families are are talking about
horrific experience that they had to
leave eastern part of alage refugee came
under heavy artilleries the the fear and
the worry the the the state of panic
that they experienced taking uh the the
the road from their homes all the way to
the central area here to the hospital uh
fearing for their Liv for the life of
their loved ones the children that
they're uh taken with them and this
have been going on for for the past n
nine months and increasing the trauma at
all at all levels here from uh the uh
the senior citizen here or elderly the
women the children the vulnerable group
here as well but people uh right now the
they speak of of of of the lack of
safety there is there's shattered sense
of safety absolutely there is no safety
whatsoever to talk about or to think
about also the Le leaving their homes
and not taking enough of their
belongings and stuff because this
recurrent displacement been going on for
a lot of time and every time they're
losing much of their energy much of
their physical belongings inab now just
seeking uh to survive only survival the
dominating uh scene right now among the
displaced population hny thank you very
much for that that is hanim Mahmud with
all the latest live in there Al Bala in
central Gaza
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer